[Music]
Psalm 19 to the chief musician a psalm
of David the heavens declare the glory
of God and the firmament shows his
handiwork day on today utter speech and
night unto night reveals knowledge there
is no speech nor language where their
voice is not heard their line has gone
out through all the earth and their
words to the end of the world in them he
has set a tabernacle for the Sun which
is like a bridegroom coming out of his
chamber and rejoices like a strong man
to run its race it's rising is from one
end of heaven and it's circuit to the
other end and there is nothing hidden
from its heat the law of the Lord is
perfect converting the soul the
testimony of the Lord is sure making
wise the simple the statutes of the Lord
are right rejoicing the heart the
commandment of the Lord is pure
enlightening the eyes the fear of the
Lord is clean enduring forever the
judgments of the Lord are true and
righteous altogether
more to be desired are they than gold
yay
and much fine gold sweeter also than
honey and the honeycomb moreover by them
your servant is warned and in keeping
them there is great reward who can
understand his errors cleanse me from
secret faults he back your servant also
from presumptuous sins let them not have
dominion over me then I shall be
blameless and I shall be innocent of
great transgression let the words of my
mouth and the meditation of my heart be
acceptable in your sight O Lord my
strength and my Redeemer
[Music]